1.  - asynchronous is wonderful but not elegant. I think the bloated and verbose code is not the biggest problem, especially after the `await` added. The biggest problem is that sometimes I don't know when a line of code will be executed, the whole code gets really weird, creating some promises and then spending time waiting for them all to complete, again and again...But in general, after getting used to asynchronous logic, this is not a big problem.
    - I hate loose typing. Some people argue that loose typing provides convenience for programmers, I think on the contrary, this makes me have to judge the type of the variable before using it. If the programmer doesn't know its type, who knows? This is also one of the motivations for TypeScript.
    - The js on the client(browser) makes js must be interpreted by the browser. The running speed, scope, and functions are all limited. It is impossible to customize the compiler or interpreter like server-side development.
2. If I use an ancient C compiler to compile a code that is missing a semicolon, I will get thousands of compilation errors. I think the original intention of js is to lower the threshold and difficulty of programming. Loose typing is irrelevant, but asynchrony is very important, as a client language, js often communicates with the network, and asynchrony enables web pages to respond to user input in real time.
3. There are pros and cons to this. The advantage is that as an interpreted language, it can be easily debugged such as in webtools without recompiling. The disadvantage is that besides low efficiency, it is also more difficult to debug, this is not contradictory, many errors that can be found in compilation can only be found in interpreted languages ​​only when they are actually running.
4. I don't think proficiency in native js or some simple frameworks is a prerequisite for learning complex frameworks. But there is no doubt that proficiency in native js will reduce the learning curve of any framework. Frameworks such as react and vue are updated quickly, and vue3 and vue2 are like two different frameworks. Instead of learning a framework that will be eliminated sooner or later, it is better to learn the most basic native-javascript.
5. I think this lab is like a warning, warning us that there will be a lot of bugs in javascript without error prompts.